Add resource `databricks_grant` for managing singular principal (#3024)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/grant.md

Reviewer: the content of this page would be mostly duplicated from docs/resources/grants.md, so might make sense to just collapse them in a single page, highlighting the differences
wdyt @alexott

> ---

Reviewer: @martin-walsh since this page is mostly duplicated from grants.md, we should collapse the 2 pages into one grants.md, and highlight the different usage of `databricks_grant` and `databricks_grants`

Reviewer 2: Imho, two pages may help users to understand differences. I think that to avoid duplication we can just have links from another page to common things, like, syntax, etc.

Author: Do you guys need anything more from me here? I'm not really sure how you guys want your documentation structured.

Reviewer: we should put a link on this page for the content that are the same as `databricks_grants.md`, e.g. line 27 onwards. Something like "See [databricks_grant.md] for more usage details

I've highlighted the part that should be called out differently to `databricks_grants`

Author: I can't see the highlight. Do you mean remove everything on `databricks_grants.md` from line 27 onwards ? If so, if it were me I would leave it. It is very user friendly to be able to copy valid syntax.

Securable objects are hierarchical and privileges are inherited downward. The highest level object that privileges are inherited from is the catalog. This means that granting a privilege on a catalog or schema automatically grants the privilege to all current and future objects within the catalog or schema. Privileges that are granted on a metastore are not inherited.

Every `databricks_grant` resource must have exactly one securable identifier and the following arguments:

- `principal` - User name, group name or service principal application ID.
- `privileges` - One or more privileges that are specific to a securable type.

For the latest list of privilege types that apply to each securable object in Unity Catalog, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/data-governance/unity-catalog/manage-privileges/privileges.html#privilege-types-by-securable-object-in-unity-catalog)

> Terraform will handle any configuration drift on every `terraform apply` run, even when grants are changed outside of Terraform state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform will handle any configuration drift on every `terraform apply` run for the specified principal. even when grants are changed outside of Terraform state.
```

> Unlike the [SQL specification](https://docs.databricks.com/sql/language-manual/sql-ref-privileges.html#privilege-types), all privileges to be written with underscore instead of space, e.g. `CREATE_TABLE` and not `CREATE TABLE`. Below summarizes which privilege types apply to each securable object in the catalog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [databricks_grants](grants.md) for the list of privilege types that apply to each securable object in the catalog.

## Examples
```

}
```

## Connection grants

You can grant `ALL_PRIVILEGES`, `USE_CONNECTION` and `CREATE_FOREIGN_CATALOG` to [databricks_connection](connection.md) specified in `foreign_connection` attribute:

```hcl
resource "databricks_connection" "mysql" {
  name            = "mysql_connection"
  connection_type = "MYSQL"
  comment         = "this is a connection to mysql db"
  options = {
    host     = "test.mysql.database.azure.com"
    port     = "3306"
    user     = "user"
    password = "password"
  }
  properties = {
    purpose = "testing"
  }
}

resource "databricks_grant" "some" {
  foreign_connection = databricks_connection.mysql.name

  principal  = "Data Engineers"
  privileges = ["CREATE_FOREIGN_CATALOG", "USE_CONNECTION"]
}
```

## Delta Sharing share grants

You can grant `SELECT` to [databricks_recipient](recipient.md) on [databricks_share](share.md) name specified in `share` attribute:

```hcl
resource "databricks_share" "some" {
  name = "my_share"
}

resource "databricks_recipient" "some" {
  name = "my_recipient"
}

resource "databricks_grant" "some" {
  share = databricks_share.some.name

  principal  = databricks_recipient.some.name
  privileges = ["SELECT"]
}

> ```

Reviewer: I was suggesting to leave the HCL examples here, but defer to grants.md on what permissions can be applied to a resource (as future grants will be added)

Author: Done
